The catering staff in the SECE mess are known for their good cooking skills as well as hospitality. 
We all know that the dining table arrangement needs to be different for left handed and right handed persons. 
So whenever any VIP guests come to SECE, they would make the table arrangements based on whether they are left handed or right handed. 
The mess is situated in the 15th floor of the hostel building. SECE hostel building has superfast elevators to help to travel from one floor to another. 
Each elevator has 2 doors, the front one and the rear one. If a person enters the elevator through the front door, he goes out through the rear door and vice-versa. 
The elevator has 2 rails numbered as 1 and 2.Rail 1 is located to the left of the entrance to the front door (or correspondingly,
to the right of the entrance to the rear door). Rail 2 is located opposite it, 
to the right of the entrance to the front door and to the left of the entrance to the rear door.
We know that each person holds at the rail with his/her strongest hand. There is an IP camera in the elevator and based on the camera output, 
the catering staff will be easily able to identify whether a guest is left handed or right handed.
They have decided to automate this task and they asked the help of Image Processing Group.
The Image Processing Group has written a program to perform this task and the program will output the door through which the person entered and the rail number which
the person held. Based on this input, can you write a program to determine whether a person is left handed or right handed?

Input Format:
The first line of the input is a string. The input may be “front” or “rear”.
The second line of the input is an integer. The input may be 1 or 2.

Output Format:
Output consists of the string “Left Handed” or “Right Handed”.

Sample Input:
front
1

Sample Output:
Left Handed

Program:
a=str(input())
b=int(input())
if((a=="front" and b==1) or (a=="rear" and b==2)):
    print("Left Handed")
elif((a=="front" and b==2) or (a=="rear" and b==1)):
    print("Right Handed")
else:
    print("Invalid input")
